INTERAC Payroll Software Solutions
A fully integrated, comprehensive suite of Payroll processing software applications.
The INTERAC Payroll suite is much more than just payroll. It is a tightly integrated, flexible, user friendly suite of accounting and management applications which will handle all your payroll requirements, whether you have a few, hundreds, or even thousands of employees to manage.
Payroll & Human Resources Manager 
INTERAC Payroll is a robust application with the flexibility to accommodate a wide variety of client needs. It includes:
•	Electronic tax filing
•	Direct deposit (to multiple bank accounts)
•	Payroll supports multi-state, union, prevailing wage (certified)
•	User defined deduction and other pay categories
Human Resources Manager is an excellent tool for those who respond to client inquiries, making it very quick and easy to get to the wealth of information in the payroll system. It may also be used to provide clients with the same easy access to their employee information.
Document Management
Automatic copies of checks, direct deposit statements, W2's and 1099's are generated directly to the employee master record. Keep an electronic employee file with all sorts of employee information. 
Employee Deduction Management
The integration with Accounts Payable will simplify and automate the process of collecting and disbursing employee payroll deduction to the appropriate taxing agencies and vendors.
Integrated Reporting 
INTERAC features integrated report writing tools and each of the core applications comes with a set of report templates, which makes getting the management information you need from the system easy.

Report Manager can provide clients with their own customized list of reports in a simple point and click interface, eliminating the need for them to call every time they need an updated report
Selecting the Right System 
We welcome the opportunity to introduce the INTERAC Payroll Processing System and share our 30 years of experience supporting our diversified user base across the country.
For more information or assistance, feel free to contact us at 800-547-6429 or email support@intersoftsystems.com.
Visit for more information - https://www.intersoftsystems.com/interac-payroll-solutions.html

Tags - INTERAC Payroll Processing System, Payroll processing software
